This thesis examines the problem of designing efficient, scalable, and
accurate social collaborative filtering (CF) algorithms for
personalized link recommendation on Facebook.  Unlike standard CF
algorithms using relatively simple user and item features (possibly
just the user ID and link ID), link recommendation on social networks
like Facebook poses the more complex problem of learning user
preferences from a rich and complex set of user profile and
interaction information.  Most existing social CF (SCF) methods have
extended traditional CF matrix factorization (MF) approaches but have
overlooked important aspects specific to the social setting;
specifically, existing SCF MF methods (a) do not permit the use of
item or link features in learning user similarity based on observed
interactions, (b) do not permit directly modeling user-user
information diffusion according to the social graph structure, and (c)
cannot learn that that two users may only have overlapping interests
in specific subareas.  This thesis proposes a unified SCF optimization
framework that addresses (a)--(c) and compares these novel algorithms
with a variety of existing baslines.  Evaluation is carried out via
live user trials in a custom-developed Facebook App involving data
collected over three months from over 100 App users and their nearly
30,000 friends.  Not only do we show that our novel proposals to
address (a)--(c) outperform existing approaches, but we also identify
which offline ranking and classigication evaluation metrics correlate
most with human judgment of algorithm performance.  Altogether, this
thesis represents a critical step forward in extending SCF
recommendation algorithms to fully exploit the rich information and
structure of social networks like Facebook.

